Bug 1884643 update resolving multi-attach errors procedure (#27703)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-multi-attach-error.adoc

+
For storage that does not support RWX, such as VMware vSphere, RWO volumes must be used instead. However, RWO volumes cannot be mounted on multiple nodes.
+

> If you encounter a multi-attach error message with an RWO volume, you can force delete the pod on a shutdown or crashed node.

Reviewer: If this is the way to fix it, I'd ~you can~.
```suggestion
If you encounter a multi-attach error message with an RWO volume, force delete the pod on a shut down or crashed node.
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete pod <old_pod> --force=true --grace-period=0s
----
+

> This deletes the volumes stuck on shutdown or crashed nodes after six minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command deletes the volumes stuck on shutdown or crashed nodes after six minutes.
```
